Run, man.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful Tuesday morning. God bless
everybody in the name of Jesus Yeshua
the Messiah. I pray you and your family
are super blessed. As guys, I have it
all on the line right now. $883,000.
This is a scary one for me, guys.
I had to take out another mortgage on
the farm in order to enter this trade
here.
And I might lose it all.
But,
look.
This is a make it or break it moment
here for Bitcoin, guys. I mean, this is
This is no joke. This is the serious
serious
This is the most serious
thing I've ever done in my life because,
honestly, guys, I mean,
let's just let's just call it Let's call
a spade a spade here.
All right, let's call a spa day a spa
day.
We call the spa day the spa day. We give
it to you straight. You know, we never
give it to you gay.
Now, if we take a look at the chart,
we can clearly see my goodness, would
you my goodness.
We are coming to back test
the very intense
value area high of the range, the orange
line.
All right, the orange line.
We put all our faith in the orange line.
This orange line is the macro value area
high of the range, and this is either a
back test
of a breakout
or this is going to be an epic fake out
that will send me crying.
I will post a video of me balling my
eyes out for hours.
And all you bearish people in the chat
will have your bragging rights and say I
was right. Jason Casper was a fool, an
idiot, a [__] an absolute nut job,
overconfident trader on the internet.
Here is something else we need to keep
in mind here. If we connect the trend
line from the highs,
we are also breaking out of this
bear market trend line.
And honestly, the next target would
probably be
the Fibonacci golden pocket from the
high to the low confluence of this,
the point of control of the entire
range.
Of course, before we get there, we have
to hit 86K.
So, at the very least here, this bounce
could give us a move up to 86K.
Something like this. Roop zoop sloop.
You know, roop zoop sloopity doop da
doopity day.
My oh my, it's a sunny day.
Sweat's dripping down my face. It's hot,
baby.
That's the way I like it. It's hot.
Now, if we take a look at Market Cipher
B Bizzle, the daily potentially could be
printing a bottom. The 12-hour
printing a green dot.
Big bit boy bottom.
Money flow getting higher. A nice
trigger wave in my opinion.
We go to the 4-hour and what do we see?
Well, I'll tell you what I see. I see
the potential
right now
of a continuation pattern from these
lows. All right? You can see this
ticking higher. The money flow
decent on the line of what I would want
to see, honestly.
As we come to the 1-hour chart, guys, I
have to be honest with you.
The 1-hour chart to me looks nice in the
sense that
as we're coming down to this zone here,
right?
We are seeing the purple money flow
curving into the blue.
If we get another drop down to here, we
will have the juiciest, most massive
looking uneven butt cheek pattern I
could have ever possibly seen in my
life.
>> [snorts]
>> All right? You got the big on the left
side, nice and juicy.
Skinny on the right side to round out
the booty. I mean, we would have the
juiciest big cheek and then look at this
tiny little skinny cheek here.
Can't even imagine such a thing?
You know, don't imagine too much. You
don't want to let your imagination go
wild when you're dealing with this type
of anatomy.
But, it is possible, guys. It is very
possible.
All right?
So, let's see what happens here, man.
Cuz New York's going to open in about 20
minutes.
We've got to take a look at the order
flow.
Take a look at the order flow. We're
going to go to the 30-minute time frame.
Just to see what's going on here.
You know, I don't see anything too crazy
going on here. I don't see much of
anything.
In about half an In about 20 minutes,
sorry, 19 minutes,
New York is going to open
and we are going to see some juicy price
action, man. We are consolidating in
this range. We are going to get some
kind of a move here
and it's going to be absolutely massive.
All right, make sure to smash up the
likes.
If we can get 1,000 likes in the first
half hour, we will give away $1,000.
Big shout-out to everybody in the chat.
First of all, big shout-out to Chris
Swimmer who says, "How do y'all?"
Shout-out to Vision Post Fat Boy. Stock
market is red. It's going down to 70.
Shout-out to Tiny Lens Tails YT. That's
when one side is GMO nourished and the
other is all natural.
Nice. Big shout-out to Juan Estrada.
God bless you, bro. Shout-out to Mark
Pokos.
Tomorrow, Nvidia earning will pump all
market.
Glenn LT444 says, "Waiting for butt
cheek reversal." Shout-out to Anthony
Fulgen.
Inity 6395.
Yo. Yo. MCB on the daily does have the
new trigger wave and previous VWAP dip
hidden div.
Um it could it could turn into that. All
right.
Big shout-out to Kitty Cats. Big
shout-out to Federico Chow 46.
Big shout-out to Power Pulse Andre.
BlackRock transferred 5,000 Bitcoin to
Coinbase Prime. Interesting.
Shout-out to Digi Gaming Pro.
I said 77.5 in the video.
What video?
Look, uh 77.5?
In what video are we talking about?
Oh, 77.5. Oh, yeah. Yeah, we took that
long trade, guys. We took it in the
Casper Crew.
We took a long trade from here in the
Casper Crew, guys, and we locked in a
little bit of a profit. Oh, you guys
can't see my screen.
Yeah. Yeah. Now, we we
we took that long trade on What day was
that? Friday?
Yeah, we took it on Friday. All right.
Look, if you're in the Casper Crew,
guys, I'm giving you my
I'm giving you my
my trades moment by moment, all right? I
can't make a dang video for every
level and trade and plan that we have
here, but in the Casper Crew
Yeah, we took that trade
when we came down to 77.5.
All right. [music] I've taken a long on
the 17th of May.
All right. Let everybody know when I hit
my TP1, we let the rest sizzle.
And yeah, we got stopped out for a tiny
profit. All right?
Um
Yeah, this is where I walk through all
my plans, all my stuff.
JasonCasperTrading.com, me.
Boyan doing the same dang thing every
single day. White Phoenix doing the same
thing every single day.
Thor doing the same thing every single
day.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
77.5 was a key level. Guess why?
We took a little scalp trade, and it
didn't play out. All right?
It We took a small profit. I think I got
a couple hundred bucks on that one.
I think I got a couple hundred bucks on
that one.
Let's see here. Yeah.
Couple hundred bucks on that one. 77.8.
I ended up making about a thousand bucks
on that in total here. All right?
Then, of course, yesterday I took a
loss.
But, I could have had a profit
yesterday. I told the community
yesterday it would have could a good be
a good time to take profit, but I was
going to hold it to the death
because of my own risk management, but
yeah, let's see. We took the trade,
right?
Let's see here.
We took the trade,
>> [music]
>> we were in profit.
We took the trade, we were in profit, we
were up.
All right.
And then I told the community,
"Hey y'all, this is not a bad take
profit because we're at a support
resistance flip.
Personally though, I'm not going to take
profit. I'm going to hold it." So,
we took two longs.
I didn't have to close it out in a loss,
but I did because of my own risk
management strategy and all that stuff.
But I told the community when was a good
time to take profit. So, if you're in
the Casper Crew VIP Discord, you are
getting moment-by-moment updates of my
trades, my thoughts, and all this stuff.
Not just me, but also the other
instructors in there as well. As we have
15 minutes until New York open.
Let's see what happens here, guys. We
are coming down. We are make it or break
it down to the wire.
Um
Market Cypher B money flow is bearish.
Ah, it could be bearish, could be
bullish.
Could be bearish, could be bullish.
Let's see.
>> [music]
>> Um new
So, okay. So, we got we got we got a
mixed feelings in the chat. All right.
Some people are ultra bearish, some
people are ultra bullish.
I'm dripping sweat. It's hot out.
I did a really heavy leg day today in a
hoodie
cuz there's something about sweating
that I like.
All right, I love sweating. I don't know
what it is.
Did a heavy leg workout this morning.
Heavy Bulgarian split squats,
Nordic curls,
calf raises,
super set.
All right, those three exercises super
set. Then I did a giant massive set of
leg presses,
29 reps to all out failure.
Then I did some hip thrusts.
Oh.
Super set with leg extensions.
That was my leg workout this morning.
Super sweaty and now I'm out here in the
sun
on the treadmill risking 800,000 to US
dollars.
Again, I had to remortgage the the farm
for this one, guys. But we're watching
this diamond pattern here.
All right. [music]
Is it going to pop?
Or are we going to dump? Now, I I I I
have a feeling we're going to get it
some big move when New York opens today.
I have a feeling
we're going to get some kind of big
move. All right.
Um
Federico wants to drop to 40K. That
would be nice, honestly, for my spot
bags.
Uh why not wait an hour or two to take
the trade after New York open? Oh, we're
going to we're going to we're going to
be adding to the position, baby. Man, I
will add to this position. I'm getting
crazy. Guys, you feel that feeling right
now?
Do you see this face?
I haven't slept in months.
He's asking, "Why don't you do the
responsible thing, Jason?" Look.
Sometimes in life you just got to roll
the dice. That's what my friend Mike
told me the day I got married. I said,
"Mike, should I marry big butts 28?"
I mean, it's a serious thing. One woman
what if we what if things don't work
out? He said, "Jason, sometimes in life
you just got to roll the dice."
You know, it worked out pretty good, you
know?
Um
All right, you're a blind trader. Any
tips on how to trade with for the
visually impaired? I honestly don't have
any tips, but you know what?
Your comment has just made me be full of
gratitude for my eyesight. I I don't
know. I never even thought about that.
I never even thought about that, man.
Life is so
uncertain.
There's so many things out of our
control. The Lord is in control. Praise
God.
But I always think, you know, God forbid
something happens where I lose my mental
faculties or I lose my physical
faculties.
But you never really think about losing
your eyesight. That's crazy. One time I
was cutting the grass
cutting the grass with a push mower
in this area on my property where I
can't get in with the tractor and it's
very
weedy and rocky and I had a piece of
debris shoot pew
right into the white part of my eyeball
kapowie right and stuck I stuck right in
the eyeball ah.
I had to go to the eye doctor.
And they had to tweeze it out with some
kind of strange contraption.
Let me tell you guys, let me tell you
I was so thankful on that day that it
didn't shoot right into the black part
of my eye.
You know?
I'd rather the white part than the black
part. You say Jason that's racist.
Well, it is what it is guys.
I'm definitely
prejudiced.
And I care more about the black part of
the eye than the white part of the eye
cuz the black part of the eye
there ain't no coming back from that.
The white part, you put a little eye
patch, it's a little bit red for a while
then it's back.
>> [snorts]
>> Man.
Here we go, baby.
We got about 10 minutes 11 minutes until
New York open.
You know, 10 minutes or 11 minutes until
NYO.
Blind people maybe could use AI as help.
That's true.
Uh
that's true.
You'll never do a workout. You do reps
all throughout the day. I think that's
probably great enjoy money. That's
probably awesome.
Uh it's probably great. You're probably
super fresh.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. I used
to do stuff like that.
But
Look, here's the thing. Any kind of
weight lifting and exercising is is is
good for you. All right, here we go,
baby.
Let's see what's going to happen here.
All right, let's see what's going to
happen here.
Hope you have a stop loss.
Batui. Stop losses.
Let's see.
I'm green long dong two cask. All right,
you're long. All right, let's go.
Let's go. All right.
Here we go. We're getting a little bit
of a drop. Let's see what happens here.
All right.
Now, I'm going to be honest. This this
screen is a little bit a little bit
deceptive here. I'll have to be honest.
My real position entry is from a little
bit lower because
>> [music]
>> this is a swing trade that I'm I'm
adding into.
I'm really hoping
maybe I can get one more entry here if
we're dipping down into the 75s.
And maybe ride this thing up with a $1.5
million position. I've also taken a
little tiny long trade
over on my other account here.
As you can see.
Let's show the other account here.
The other account
I have a $100,000 position from about
$77,000.
And I'm looking also maybe to add to
this trade as well. Okay, I'm I'm I'm
hoping for a bounce here. We're going to
see what happens. I have a tiny long
trade only $100,000 from the high.
I you know.
So, this is my unadulterated positioning
right now.
Okay, I've got two longs, one in the
red. $100,000 position.
I've got another long trade that I've
been in for quite some time.
>> [music]
>> I'm looking to ride it up with a $1.5
million position. I'm looking for a drop
on New York open. I'm looking to add to
the trades. I'm still in a tiny short.
That's up about 11k, 12k. Nothing too
crazy.
From $81,000
from the short set up that we gave
in the Casper crew.
This isn't it. I don't even know where
it is.
I don't even know where that trade set
up is. Who cares?
Who cares? You guys don't care. I don't
care. No one cares anymore.
We need New York to open. We got 8
minutes.
Better eat your spinach. We got 8
Better eat your spinach.
Let's pop back on the chart here.
8 minutes. Eat your spinach.
Is it a sin to trade according to
Christianity?
I don't know. Why don't we read what the
Bible says about it?
Let's see if I could find it.
See if I could find where the Bible
talks about leverage trading. Maybe it's
not necessarily leverage trading.
But, let's see.
Let's see.
>> [snorts]
>> Ah, here we go.
I mean, obviously if I thought it was
wrong, I wouldn't be doing it, right?
If I thought it was wrong,
I would not be doing it.
I can't find the verse I'm looking for.
You guys in the chat probably know.
Let's see.
Uh, what position am I in, mate? I'm in
this position right here.
I'm in this position right here. Big
shout out to
my man, uh, preparing for war.
It's 4:20 in Beirut right now. Okay,
it's 9:20 in New York City right now.
Let's see.
Opinion up or down on the open? I'm
feeling a big drop followed by a pump.
I'm feeling a big drop followed by a
pump.
Um,
you clipped for the red that Jay's a
racist.
Man, you're going to do me dirty. I'm
going to get canceled up in here. Just
kidding, no one gets canceled anymore.
One Estrada asked, "Are we going down?"
There's a scripture where Jesus
reprimands
one of his servants for just holding his
gold and not bringing it to the traders
to make some money on it.
What's the thesis other than feelings?
Here's the thesis. All right, let's talk
about the thesis.
The thesis is we've got some bullish
divergences on some of these time frames
here.
And
yeah, look at the one-hour time frame
for example. Right now the money flow is
getting much thicker, momentum getting
much thicker.
The 12-hour time frame is printing a
green big dot.
And guys, when we zoom out, let's be
honest.
Look at this support level.
Look at the support we're at. All right,
of all the times
to be looking for a long trade,
I mean this is one of the times. I mean
this is one of the It's just like when
we were down here, guys. Remember this?
Remember this and everyone was bearish.
People said I was going to get wrecked
down here, too.
And maybe I would have, but I didn't.
And let's see what happens now. All
right, this is one of those rare
opportunities where you have a macro
range value area level
like we have right here.
All right, it's one of these rare
opportunities.
All right, it's pretty rare.
It's rare. It's like a filet mignon
that's just been seared on the grill for
like 1 second.
All right, when's the last time we had
this? Again,
this is a massive breakout and back test
here and we have a bottomed-out 12-hour
momentum.
When was the last time the 12-hour
momentum gave us a green dot and we
didn't bounce? Now, I know it's
unconfirmed. You're saying, "J, it's
unconfirmed." I know. I know. So, maybe
it won't play out.
But here, look. Last green dot in the
12, right here. Time before that, right
here. Time before that, right here. All
right?
Even this one, even this one.
Right?
Oh, no.
On the confirmation, immediate dumpage.
Excuse me.
>> [laughter]
>> I need a moment of silence here.
Crap.
Well, you know what guys? This could be
it.
This could be it. I could be cropped.
We have 2 minutes until New York opens.
We got a trade in the red. We got
another trade
coming on down.
Let's see. Here we go. 2 minutes until
NYO.
Oof, we're losing money like a wild lady
in distress.
Let's see what happens. Oh my goodness,
look at this big purple candle.
Oh my goodness.
The big dirty perp, big daddy perp.
Trying to give us the herp.
Look, there's a bug around here. Going
to get it with my bug zapper.
I'm swea-
All right. Yeah, how they're doing us
worse. I'm sweating like a hooker in
church on a Sunday.
Ah, that's funny.
All right, here we go guys. 1 minute
until NYO.
1 minute until NY open.
NYO.
For some reason NYO, those three letters
make me think tomatoes, lettuce, onions.
When you used to work at Burger King or
whatever, you used to put it on the
write it on the on the dang Whopper
wrapper, tomatoes, lettuce, and onions.
Man, I eat Burger King every day. I feel
great. Just kidding.
All right, let's see. Here we go. We are
officially open for business, baby.
Let's see what's going to happen here.
Come on, baby.
Here we go, Bitcoin. We don't want to
see a blue candle right now. We want to
see a massive red candle. Come on,
massive red.
Big Daddy Perp.
Come on, Big Daddy Perp.
Come
on.
Get a chameleon?
Uh Crypto Face doesn't recommend it.
He says they need a lot of attention.
Come on.
Here we go, the most
the most volatile New York open in
history.
Guys, is it just me
or or is it hot in here or is it just
me?
Is it hot in here or is it just me? I
feel like I'm sweating, but I can't tell
if it's because Oh my goodness. Here we
go.
We're getting the drop.
We're getting a big drop. Big Daddy Perp
coming in to give the herp.
Big juicy blue. Come on. No, no, no, no,
no.
I want the Big Daddy Perp. We want a
drop. We want to dump it. We want a dip
and rip.
Like a conventional deadlift, and
hopefully we don't get a bulging disc
trying to deadlift too heavy with
improper form here. Dip, grip, and rip,
Bitcoin. Dip, grip, and rip. Come on,
baby.
Dip, grip, and rip. Dip, grip, and rip.
Oh, come on.
Dip, grip, and rip. Oh, man.
What the heck?
Dip, [music] grip, and rip. Dip, grip,
and rip. Let's go. Dip, grip, and rip.
Dip, grip, and rip. Hey, yo. Dip, grip,
and rip. Dip, grip, and rip. Let's go.
[music] Dip, grip, and rip. Hey, yo. We
want the dip, grip, and rip like we're
taking a trip to put it in the bowl
[music] of trees. We got the stick. We
put it in our mouth. We chew then we
swallow. The Bitcoin price about to go
up. Don't fall. Oh.
We [music] want the big daddy perp
coming in the room to give the herb. We
got the purple scissor. You know we got
a slurp. [music] Candles never turning
blue. You know it never hurts when you
long the bottom. You short the top. The
Bitcoin price, you [music] know the
market [singing] makers never stop just
to top to the drop. And you know we stop
to rock it. Just like Sonic vs.
Robotnik.
We got the red candles.
>> [music]
>> We're pumping down, baby. Can you sniff
my sandals? I wore them for weeks. I got
[music] the toe cheese. You know I want
to take it out and spread it on my knees
like the bears and [music] the bulls.
Please, baby, please. Jason Casper in
the house and you know he likes to ease
his way into the trade. We got the blue
candles [singing and music] pumping up
straight into space.
We coming back down.
>> [music]
>> I was smiling, but now I got a frown
because I took out a second mortgage on
my house. You know I want to board this
to tour this
outside. [music] Feed the chickens. Got
the feed. The Bitcoin price give me all
my needs. We want to pump up to the next
time. The blue candles, are we [music]
really about to fly? New York open. We
don't get no volatility. We're sitting
back like we're oiling like Mr. Diddy.
We got the stop sign in my eyes. So
ready, you know we're trying, [music]
but you know we never flying just to
turn it around. We do it again.
>> [music]
>> A blue candle about to pump up on trend.
We got the trend balloon. I'll take you
home.
Hello, I got a call on my phone. Who's
this? The market maker. I'm totally
cooked. You're going to bake her crap.
The market maker [music] says I'm about
to lose. Jake aspect now how can I even
choose? I'm out [music] here in my brand
new walking shoes.
Let's see what happen. Oh, big shout out
to Crypto Face in the house.
Big shout out to Crypto Face just
dropping $100. Thank you, Crypto Face.
He's reimbursing me because of my
idiotic move here. But, here's the
thing.
All right, here's the thing for real.
It's so sweaty out.
I want to dip grip and rip.
Can we get a dip grip and rip? I don't
want to pump right now. A blue Guys, I'm
going to be honest with you.
A blue candle right now is the opposite
of what we want to see.
All right, a blue candle right now is
literally the opposite of what we want
to see. I'll tell you why.
New York likes to give what's known as
the old one-two punch, okay?
We're at support, New York wants
everyone to feel the opposite of what
they're going to do. So, typically if
we're going to pump, we dump.
And it's scary.
Petrifying. And then boom, we pump. If
we pump first
and it's bullish
and people buy, they say, "Oh my
goodness, we're at support. Let's buy."
That's bearish, guys.
The market makers, reverse psychology.
All right, cuz they know that you know
that we know that they know that we know
that they know.
That they're going to do the opposite
of what we think they're going to do.
Which means because they know that we
know that we think that they're going to
do the opposite of what we want them to
do, it means that they know that we
know.
Which means they're going to do the
opposite of the opposite of what we
think they're going to do.
Which means maybe they will just pump it
straight up from here.
It all makes sense now.
Because they know that we know that they
know that we know that they know that we
know that they're going to do the
opposite of the opposite of what they
are going to do, which is dump it down
and then pump it.
So, because they know that we know,
maybe they're just going to pump it
right now.
All right, this is how trading works,
guys. It's all about It's like playing
rock, paper, scissors with your kid.
You know?
You play rock, paper, scissors with your
kid.
Every single time you give them a rock.
The rock, the rock. Then they think,
"Aha! Dad's going to do the rock again."
So, what do they do? The paper. Aha! And
you get them with the scissor.
Aha! You get them with the scissor.
Man, this is crazy stuff, guys. I'm not
going to lie.
Are we really going to pump from here?
Is it really that simple?
Is it really that simple? Do the market
makers really know? Are we really going
to pump from here?
Sheesh.
My goodness.
Is this it? We just started short
squeeze right from here, huh?
Man, we want to dip, grip, and rip.
We want to hoddle buy, hoddle hoddle
buy.
Hoddle buy, hoddle hoddle buy.
You know?
Let's see.
Big shout [clears throat] out to my
Passive Income. Big shout out to
CryptoFace with the super chat. God
bless you, CryptoFace. Thank you so much
for popping on in, bro. I appreciate you
so much. Shout out to Jessie Gillick
holding it down with the wrench. Shout
out to Fit in [music] Crypto.
All right.
Um
All right, here we go, guys. I mean,
this is not what I wanted to see here.
And keep in mind, this is nothing. I
mean, this is literally nothing. We're
on a 5-minute chart here. We have had
0.04
>> [music]
>> something percent volatility
in the last 24 hours
or so. I mean, this whole entire range
has been about
Okay, 1%. So, 1% range. Uh-oh.
Crap. Would you look at this? They're
doing the pump and dump. Because they
know that we know that they know that we
know that they know that we know that we
know that they're going to be the
opposite of what they do. So, because we
know they're going to do the opposite of
the opposite of what they do, which is
pump and dump, now they're going to pump
and dump.
Cuz they thought that we knew that they
knew that we were going to do the
opposite and it's
It makes sense in my head, guys.
It makes sense in my head. It's all I
can say.
Let's check out Market Cipher B.
All right.
We have strong support at zero.
And I think we could probably just
we could probably just take the
liquidity at zero.
Take those lows. You know what I'm
saying?
All right, time for Market Cipher B.
What's she going to
how's she going to look here? Let's
Let's pop it on. Is it hot?
Man, this is this is crazy. I I'm I'm
I'm actually I told my wife
told my wife about this last night. She
said, "So, you might lose 45K."
I said, "Yeah." Yeah, that's actually
how much I'm actually risking on all
this stuff, guys. It's 45K.
Isn't that crazy?
That is crazy.
But let's see. I might not actually lose
45K. I might lose like 200,000 or or
700, 800,000. I mean, you know,
hopefully I don't play the stop loss
move it down game. Guys, ever play that
game?
The stop loss move it down game, you
know?
You know?
You ever play the stop loss move down
game?
You know, like this, right? You know?
Stop loss nice and tight. But hey,
we're probably just going to take the
lows and then pump. So, let's just move
it down to here. And then, you know
what? We're probably just going to take
this liquidity
right here and then [music] then pump
it, right? So, we'll just move down.
Then, obviously, we're going to just
going to take this liquidity. Look at
the beautiful sport resistance flip.
Might as well
you know.
Then
And then, you know what? We're probably
just going to bounce from the POC.
You know what I'm saying?
Definitely, we're going to bounce from
the 786. You know what I mean? I mean,
what could go wrong? I mean, honestly,
what could go wrong with this
>> [music]
>> all this liquidity here? All What could
go wrong here?
You know what I'm saying? I mean, I got
I mean, it can't go down forever.
I mean, we're probably just going to
take this low down here and then bounce,
right?
>> [music]
>> You know, a fake out, you know? We could
have We could be in from the bottom.
All right. We could be in from the
bottom. You know what I'm saying?
Better add some margin
cuz just under this low, guess what we
have?
The macro Fibonacci golden pocket at
57k. I'll put that stop loss under
Look, we're only risking 30%.
You know.
Oh, man. Okay, let's check out first of
all, let's go to the lower time frame
market cipher B's here.
Go to the 24-minute.
Come on, baby. Come on. What what what
what what what
Why is it not loading here?
Mhm. Let's refresh.
Let's refresh.
Here we go.
Ooh.
Guys, we have like a little bull div
here on the 24-minute. Wouldn't you look
at that? I mean, I have to be honest,
like it looks kind of bullish on these
low time frames, you know?
Let's go to the six.
Six-minute nice bullish div.
You know? Let's go to the one-minute.
Even the one-minute beautiful with the
money flow and everything, but
unfortunately, one-minute giving us a
bearish div now. All right. One-minute
giving us a bull-bear div combo. The old
one-two punch typical New York.
We're going to drop it. Let's drop it.
Let's take the low, baby. Come on. Dip,
grip, and rip.
Check out the order flow.
Dip, grip, and [music] rip.
Nothing really happening. Just traders
closing out their damn position owns.
All [music] right.
Traders closing out their damn position
owns.
I want tuna on rye with a cup of tea.
Uh-huh.
Says Yasser Doynk.
Tuna on rye.
>> [music]
>> I mean, I could get I could get down
with that.
I could get down with that.
Um
I don't really eat much bread these
days.
If I am going to eat bread, I usually
take some sprouted quinoa flour.
Crack an egg in there and
and put it in a pan with the just a
little spray of avocado oil.
>> [music]
>> Um
Don't forget you have to keep adding to
the trade on the way down. Yeah, yeah,
you're right. You're right. Not not
quicker.
You're right. You're right.
>> [music]
>> The low 75s.
Yeah, let's see. Let's see if we can do
that. All right.
I've got the stop loss here at $75,000.
Oh, you can't see it here.
But, I am kind of hoping for that. So,
this other trade here I've got my stop
loss at 75k.
Man, it would suck to get wicked out of
that, but it is what it is, man.
Um
>> [music]
>> A lack of an uneventful NYO.
Maybe tomorrow's the day.
Yeah, I know. This slot is still inside
Monday's range. Yeah.
We need to come back down.
Both are going to get destroyed,
completely liquidated.
Yeah, this is a boring market open
today.
What the actual? What the actual?
>> Man, I got to get some sardines. I've
got to
I've got to get some sardines today.
You know what I need? I need sardines.
Need sardines, I need avocados.
I need sardines and avocados.
How many chickens do I have? Well, I
just lost another.
It got outside the outside of her her
giant
multi-acre run
and got eaten. So, it is what it is. I
couldn't get her back in the cage. She
was
kept running away from me into the
woods, so she got eaten. So,
we're down to only eight hens, two
roosters.
You know?
And you know what else is funny?
My wife,
she got scammed on Facebook Marketplace.
Someone was selling chickens.
>> [laughter]
>> We paid them in advance and we got
blocked.
Trying to get some nice chickens.
>> [music]
>> That's so funny.
It's so funny.
Dang scammers.
You have sardines for later.
Why do I eat sardines and avocados?
What's good? Are you kidding me?
What's good about sardines and avocados?
Omega-3 fats, mono-unsaturated fats.
Some of the healthiest stuff you could
eat.
You know, you want to fuel that
mitochondria, you want to feel good.
You know?
You want to be on the treadmill all day,
lifting heavy weights, doing hill
sprints, keeping a farm, being a dad of
four kids, being a husband,
all that stuff.
You got to fuel that machine, baby.
You need those healthy fats.
Omega 3's from the fish.
Monounsaturated fats from the avocados.
You know.
Um
Well, I'll tell you sardines are
absolutely disgusting.
I eat them when I don't have salmon
around. [music]
But
you know, I don't really eat for the
tasty stuff as much as I eat for the
functionality of stuff. But I will tell
you I've up my calories again. I was
cutting weight for 6 weeks.
My calories are back up.
And I've been I've been feeling good.
I've been feeling good.
You know, the diet was starting to get
to me.
The low calories, 4,300
calories a day
was really starting to get me worn down.
And I bumped it back up. Been eating
like
between 4,600 and 5,000 calories a day
depending on how hungry I am. And I'm
I'm feeling pretty dang good, man. All
that energy coming back in.
My cells are absorbing it.
Do you eat the bone sardine? Yeah. Yeah,
cuz they're better. But uh
I'll be honest.
Where's the next support if this don't
hold? Well,
I To be honest, the Let's Let's put on
the chart cuz this is
>> [music]
>> This is really
a pretty scary scenario here, guys.
If this box of support does not hold,
then really we are potentially looking
back down to
at least
uh 67.8 thousand. But I would say
probably the laser highest we come back
down into the lower 60's.
You know, this this would be a massive
fake out.
And this 12-minute
Yeah.
I would prefer a bounce from here, guys.
You know what would look really healthy
to me would be this.
This would look really nice.
As far as
what what I would want to see. Let me
Let me go ahead and
put the chart on the
put the chart on the screen here.
Do I like butter? No, I don't really
like butter. I mean, I love the taste of
butter,
but I don't eat butter because I just
don't want the pure saturated fat.
I eat a lot of eggs. I eat a lot of
beef.
I eat a lot of full-fat dairy. I don't
want saturated fat for the sake of
saturated fat. I'd much rather have
extra-virgin olive oil if I'm going to
have a pure fat source.
All right?
So, [music]
although I love the taste of butter,
I've gone through periods of eating lots
of butter,
uh but not anymore. Not anymore. Not
anymore.
All right? Too much buh uh
contrary to what
the carnivores like to say,
it does increase apoB.
And I'm not against high cholesterol,
but I am against high apoB.
All right? And when I was eating lots of
butter
with my eggs and red meat and all this,
it increased not only my total
cholesterol, but my apoB specifically.
So, I cut the butter.
Do I eat any rice?
Uh a little bit, but mostly fruits,
potatoes,
and roots,
that kind of stuff. Quinoa, I eat a lot
of quinoa.
Oh, and I eat corn. I eat popcorn. I eat
a lot of popcorn. All right?
Uh the Clarity Act did nothing for
Bitcoin. Well, what were you expecting?
What were we expecting from the Clarity
Act?
You know, [music] I went on this whole
crazy rant about it. What the heck are
we expecting from the Clarity Act?
The crypto space is so [__] these
days.
How many times? How many times
do we need to go from a stupid
government or institution bill or pass
or ETF or law or anything like that
and realize it's just a short-term buy
the rumor sell the news
and a long-term nothing.
And and then there's the normal price
action continues. I mean that literally
is
>> [music]
>> what happens every single time, guys.
And this whole Clarity Act thing, let me
tell you,
it's just going to lead to CBDCs, it's
going to lead to your enslavement.
All right. So,
it's not a good thing. All right. It
ain't no good thing.
Look at this, Bitcoin's starting to get
a pump.
Let's see if we can break out of the
channel.
We got a We got a super chat in here.
All right. HFG likes olive oil. Yeah,
olive oil is amazing.
Is butter good for you? I hear it. I
don't know. It's It's to me it's not
worth it, honestly. I'd rather have the
extra virgin olive oil.
Besides, it's really hard to source good
butter
for me.
>> [music]
>> Anyway,
uh
should we keep the Sabbath on Sunday or
on Saturday? Well, what does the Bible
say, man? Why are you asking me?
What does the Bible say? All right. What
does the Bible say?
Does the Bible say we should keep the
Sabbath on Saturday or does it say we
could keep it on any day? What does it
say?
That's your answer right there.
What's apoB?
Uh
It's uh apolipoprotein B is a type of
LDL cholesterol
that is inflammatory.
All right. So, high cholesterol in of
itself isn't bad, according to me, but
who knows? I ain't no doctor.
All right. What What's really important
is your overall lipid panel. So, you
want to have
low fasting glucose, low fasting
insulin,
>> [music]
>> low A1C. You want to have low
triglycerides.
And then you want to have a good ratio
between your triglycerides and your HDL
and your LDL.
And your LDL,
your total LDL
is then split into other categories. So,
you got apoB, which is which is part of
your LDL. That's the bad cholesterol.
You want to keep that lower.
All right? You want to keep the HDL
high,
the apoB low,
the triglycerides low. That's a sign
that you're metabolically healthy.
>> [music]
>> I I did make my own butter once. So, I
will I'll never forget the time I made
my own butter. I was at my friend's
birthday party. Her name was Lauren.
I thought for sure I was going to marry
her. She was beautiful.
At least I thought so when I was like 5
years old.
And she was my best friend when I was 5
And I remember
putting heavy cream into a baby food
jar, shaking it up, and it turned into
butter. I couldn't believe it. I
couldn't believe it was possible.
I told my mom, "Did you know if you put
milk in a jar and shake it, it turns
into butter?"
Couldn't get over that fact.
You know what I'm saying?
Man, this this is a pretty dang
uneventful NWO. I was hoping for some
crazy stuff.
Dang it.
Low cholesterol is bad for your test
levels. I I mean, I agree with that,
Spicy Nugget, but honestly, who the heck
knows? Who the heck knows? That's the
problem with today's day and age. All
right? You've got a billion opinions out
there, a billion studies out there,
and everyone says their studies are
better than the other studies, and the
other people's studies
aren't legit.
You got
You got big pharma.
You got big ag.
Everyone's got a different opinion out
there, and it's it's tough to know.
But, I will tell you this.
When I eat lots of
healthy food, I feel good.
And when I don't, I feel bad. All right?
I I'm pretty sure that's true for
everybody.
So, it's pretty dang easy. Eat normal
Eat real stuff, real food, plants,
animals.
And if it if you don't know what it is,
or you can't pick it in nature, don't
don't eat it.
Um
All right, let's see what happens here.
If crypto's the devil's work, why do I
support the business?
Bitcoin has no CEO. There's no person
here.
>> [music]
>> All right? This is a decentralized
asset. I'm not supporting a company.
I'm not supporting Jeff Bezos
by buying Amazon stock.
I'm not supporting the CEO of Google by
buying Google stock.
It's totally decentralized. All right?
So,
I feel better about trading crypto
than I do about holding stocks that I
hold.
Um
Sailors underwater soon.
Let's see. We're about to break out of
this.
Yeah, I do my own I do my own blood
work. I don't stick myself, but yeah.
We need the the song. We do need the
pump song.
You know?
We do need the pump song.
My wife is singing the pump song right
now.
You can't really hear her.
I wish you could.
She sounds really good.
Uh
a 1,046% margin rate.
Uh yeah, it's cuz I'm 10x leverage on
cross.
10x leverage on cross.
Or I guess 11x on cross.
I don't really know how cross works to
be honest with you.
You know, and especially when you're
long and short at the same time, the
liquidation prices get crazy.
The liquidation prices get pretty crazy.
In fact, if you're long and short at the
same time,
you could get liquidated on a short if
price goes too low.
Because there's there wouldn't be enough
margin to cover your long.
Let's see. Where's my liquidation?
Yeah, uh well, never mind. That's not
the case here.
The way I have it set up here
with this trade is there's no
liquidation for my long.
My short will be liquidated at $243,000
on 10x
because it's taking to account both the
positions that are open right now,
right? So, it gets pretty wonky
when you're on when you're on cross.
Look at this. Look at this
percent margin ratio. [snorts] I don't
even actually know what the margin rate
is. Margin ratio is used to measure the
risk level of your position.
If it falls below 100, the platform
account Okay. Okay.
Yeah, so the higher it is, the better.
The The higher it is, the lower risk.
There you go. The higher it is, the
lower risk.
Where would my first take profit be on
this long position? Honestly, a new
high.
$83,000.
83K.
Why are your Bitcoin trades always
better than your ETH trades? Because ETH
is a dirty
slimy, no-good, rotten
uh trickster.
Slimy.
Right?
Doesn't respect levels.
Bitcoin is so much better.
Andrew says, "I suppose the Bible says
the Sabbath's on Saturday, but I heard
it said we keep the Sabbath through
Jesus that he fulfilled the law as for
us."
Well,
okay.
You do what you want.
I've heard people say that, too.
But that's not what the Bible says.
Shout out to Jesse Gallic. He says,
"Y'all better smash the like or get
liquidated."
Yeah, smash the like or get liquidated.
My thoughts on deodorant? Is the
aluminum bad? Yeah.
The aluminum's bad.
Don't use deodorant.
That's my thought on it.
BarZ at BarZ at
I would have taken the short without
you, I promise, but
just post your dang post your USDT
address, bro. Post it right now. Post it
right now. Post it right now.
Post it right now. Post it right now.
Yeah, a slow open today. This is not
what I was hoping for, guys. I was
honestly hoping for something
sensational.
Hoping for something sensational. Shout
out to Absolute Capital. Shout out to
Trowse.
Shout out to AUIDHD
and Mr. Drinks.
Watch the pump song.
When can you stop laddering in towards
your TP?
I don't quite know what you mean by
that.
Um
but scaling out of a position is
something I highly recommend. That means
taking multiple profits.
You know?
Oh.
Yeah.
Man, I kind of like this beat.
You know what I'm saying?
Man,
this is nice.
Hey yo, I apologize. J Casper, [music]
the beat is [singing] so nice, but I'm
on the treadmill as cold as ice. I'm in
the kitchen [music] cooking up chicken,
broccoli, and rice. Don't you know bro
food is what I like. I'm about to pump
[music] it up, then we hit the spot to
the golden pocket. Then the market
makers drop cuz you know that they
[music] know that we know that they know
the opposite of what they're going to
do. Now here we go. Hear my flow.
>> [music]
>> Welcome to the Jason Casper show. You
know I got the best YouTube crypto flow.
We're out here, baby, and we mop the
floor
>> [music]
>> cuz we got the profits and you know for
all [singing] show. We got the trees
with the leaves. We're eating cheese on
my knees. Baby, please, [music] can you
just pump it the Bitcoin price? Now give
me the rump I'm talking about.
>> [music]
>> The uneven seats.
Market cipher B, can we take a peek just
to see [music] what we got on the left,
on the right? The bears and the bulls,
[singing]
they're at it all night. But you could
[music] see if we take a look, the
24-minute time frame it's got the hook
cuz we got the big juicy on the left,
skinny on the right tells us what she
going to do next.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, and you know I don't flow this. I
got to give a big [singing] shout out to
Delores.
The [music] waitress at the diner
couldn't look finer. Look at the cheeks
and that straight spine. Uh, the price
is coming down through the support.
[music] The man looks around. He's about
to get horny when you see the tip money
in the right. The price action flies up.
It feels [music] so tight. We got the
cigarette. We got the smoke coming up
[singing] just like her name is
Margaret. We got the man with a big fat
cigar. He's the market maker. He's about
to pump it far.
>> [music]
>> We're coming back to the trade.
We got a red candle. Makes me afraid.
We're [music] going to look to see what
order flow says. Increase of OI CBD
stays the same. [music] For days we're
making change. We're out here but you
know [singing] it never plays. I'm so
dang serious. I'm eating from the
trades. We're making profits every day.
Hey.
J [music] Casper in the house. We're
trading Bitcoin looking for the Bitcoin
bounce. [singing] And don't you know
that we already peaked to see that
Market Cypher B has some uneven butt
cheeks.
>> [music]
>> If we get a red candle, we're going to
dump down and I won't [singing] even
handle my sandals. They about to fall
off my feet.
And I won't [music] have money to eat.
[singing] We're taking trades. We're
making change. We're staying up here for
days. I'm so [music] dang serious. You
know I never play.
Um
That was a good beat, wasn't it?
ETH is like the girl that leads you on
after all you get used to her antics.
Yeah, I stopped trading ETH because it
really it doesn't respect the levels
like the Bitcoin price does.
Um
You know what I'm saying?
>> We can't hold the support. We're going
to 72. Yeah, I could see that. I could
see that.
I could see that. I could see that. I
could see that.
You know.
>> [singing]
>> Man.
Uh egg code today. Crap, I don't have an
egg code. Let me make an egg code.
All right.
Let me make an egg code real quick here,
guys.
>> [music]
>> Man, I hope I'm vindicated with this.
>> [singing]
>> I hope I'm vindicated with this trade
here.
>> [music]
>> Let's make the code wrecked r e k t r e
k t is the egg code.
All right.
What do I think about the book of
Jubilees? I mean, I think it's a very
interesting book.
It's definitely very old.
It's definitely like from probably
around the 2nd century. I mean,
it seems to be like an apologetic for a
certain calendar.
You know, it seems to be an apologetic
for a certain calendar.
And I am not sure if that calendar would
work or not cuz I'm too stupid when it
comes to like figuring out if calendars
would work like is the calendar would
the calendar in Enoch work?
I'm too dumb to figure that stuff out.
Would the calendar in Jubilees work?
Like
>> [music]
>> I don't know. I'm too stupid to figure
that stuff out.
I'm I'm I'm I'm honestly too dumb. So,
>> [music]
>> uh
it's obviously much later
than Genesis and it's it's giving you
information that is not found in
Genesis.
So, that either means one of two things,
either
it's some kind of preserved oral
tradition
that somehow
made it past on all those generations or
it's just people speculating and trying
to add missing details.
I don't know.
It seems more probable to me
that it's just people speculating trying
to add details.
But, who knows?
>> [music]
>> I don't know.
Who knows?
I'll tell you what book I definitely
don't like is is the uh
What's that?
Oh, okay.
I wonder if I
Do they show Look at the bubbles, guys.
Look at these bubbles. Hang on.
Do you guys see those bubbles?
That's cool. Is that not cool? That's
pretty cool.
You know.
Oh, hang on. The egg quest is not open.
There we go, baby.
It's an official quest.
Oh, we're dumping. We're dumping. We're
dumping. We're dumping.
The egg code. Let me post it in the chat
here.
There we go. Wrecked.
Wrecked.
It's got to be all lowercase.
All right, there you go.
All lowercase.
See, all right.
Oh, yeah, he's good.
Yeah, he's all right.
He's a tough kid.
You messaged Kenny, but he didn't get
back to you. All right, I'll I'll I'll
see if I can reach out to him. But, open
up a ticket or or post in the post in
the um
You got to post in the support channel
and tag me in there, all right?
All right, post in the support channel
and tag me in there.
What's the egg code for? It's for
getting eggs.
Eggs are the currency of the Discord.
The currency of the Discord. All right.
All right, guys. I'm sorry, but I do
have to head out.
God bless you all. I love you all. And
Lord willing, I'll see you all mañana.
Peace.